good evening thanks for joining us I'm
Deborah now and I'm Steve Dunn a local
woman fighting for her life right now
after she crashed head-on into an
ambulance son of busy scholls ferry road
today Katie's Tom Jensen is lying at
ohsu where the driver of a van is being
treated tonight but Tom you have some
new information we now know the identity
of that woman who was life flighted here
to ohsu we also know that she remains in
critical condition here tonight but
you'll be amazed when you see her van
that she ever survived this wreck
tualatin valley fire and rescue
firefighters use the Jaws of Life to
pull 51 year-old Beth Caulfield from her
van to a waiting Life Flight helicopter
witnesses told The Washington County
Sheriff's Office caulfield was speeding
westbound on scholls ferry road when she
crossed the center line at about
two-thirty in the afternoon and headed
right for the ambulance he does a
left-hand turn to you know basically to
turn to try to avoid the collision and
she hits him right in the passenger side
door right there caulfield hit the
ambulance so hard the engine in her
minivan was thrown from the vehicle the
firefighter medics and the ambulance
were examined at a local hospital and
released and their patient sustained a
minor injury my understanding is she
wasn't injured too much more than what
she already was being transported for
the 90 year old patient from Newburgh is
being treated for a broken hip at st.
Vincent's she was being taken to st.
Vincent's for that injury when the wreck
happened scholls ferry was closed for
six and a half hours and roads around
the scene were backed up during the
evening rush hour while crash
investigators did their work that's a
fairly time consuming process especially
when you've got as much debris as they
do on this scene this is probably
causing people quite a headache in terms
of their commute today
the Washington County Sheriff's
Department has not determined why Beth
Caulfield was driving so fast or how she
lost control of her van but she remains
in critical condition here at ohsu
tonight we're live at ohsu in Southwest
Portland Tom Jensen k 2 News I know you
were out there earlier tonight what an
ugly mess that was for everybody
involved some mess Tom Jensen thank you
very much for that